[intro]  - hey man  check this out i got the best kush ever man  - aw man… ive been so out… you are sent from heaven  all right man light it up homes  - ok check it out man   [strofa 1] – b-real  im the original dr green thumb the rest and lie us im the one with the prescription to get you higher i got every type of weed that you might desire go ahead fire it up maybe you can get inspired any kind of flavor you savor i can do you the favor just as long as you share with your neighbor some like the sour deep thats an east coast way but on the west coast we all know kush is queen some of yall will smoke anything but me im picky i throw it out if i dont see that its green and sticky no stress no bush im pushing the kush when i harvest… … im the king of the bang like the nike swoosh im over the world in case you wonder i smoked everywhere i went they call me the weed hunter but no one does it better like we do in cali just ask one of my patients cause they always tell me that the…  [refren]  kush keeps us so high the kush keeps us so high the more i smoke the high i get the better i feel i cant quit the more i smoke the high i get the better i feel i cant quit  [strofa 2] – b-real   kottonmouth kings are down with us snoop dogg and dre are down with us cheech and chong theyre down with us but the dea they can get the nuts on a hard times cover you might see us taking hits from the bong with the april song with weed so strong that knockout king kong hit it one good time… your minds gone your eyes get red and your mouth goes dry just get me when you want more and ill supply red and me… … gets stoned and said how high they said high enough to touch gal and kiss the sky thats a… … but i think i got what you need i got to move the thought and im ready to feed http//wwwelyricsworldcom/kush_lyrics_cypress_hillhtml so follow my lead i got the gifts to bring its an everyday life for the reepa king  [refren]  [strofa 3] – b-real  i got the cream of the crop my crop means cream when its time to bag it up buy a several … … were like the yankees most winning grand champs of the earth nothing gets you like the type of medicine i serve lawyers teachers actors street cleaners no matter what they are they all come to see the reepa they stay high 24 like keefa i tell em dont hit too hard this is a creepa body hamilson is down with us bruce willis smoke all hes down with us yeah willie nelson is down with us who the fuck you think drives the ganja bus dr morwitch shes down with us she got popped at the airport with joints and such so if anyone asks shes down with us and you dont wanna inna more weed in the cannabis cup im greenton i bring supreme son that strange bended in mind ive never seen one the kush keeps us so high that you cant concentrate dave chapelle is down with us halle barry too but dont tell no one krs one is down with us hes a blood gettïng smoked and he cant wake up  [refren]